The 60 year old patient came with history of hypertension and diabetis. His both feet were swollen since 2 months and had consulted an orthopedic 1 month back. And from previous 3 days he is having slight chest pain which is mediating from right to left. He has a significant family history with heart problems and diabetes mellitus.Patient is known to imbibe alcohol and perhaps to excess on occasion.  He does not smoke. He has been consuming both BP and diabetic tablets from 4 years. He is slightly obesed and his cholesterol level is quite high. In the past 2 weeks he experienced several episodes of mild lightheadedness for which he is being treated with Antivert 25 mg t.i.d. Physical examination revealed that he is a well-developed, well-nourished male in no apparent distress.  His blood pressure is 140/94, pulse 88, respiratory rate 18, and temperature 99.6.  He is alert and well oriented and has normal pupils. There is no ataxia. The neck is nontender. The lungs are clear, and the heart has a irregular sinus rhythm with slight murmurs

I am Rekha age 57 years old . I’m married and have three kids. We are a middle class family. I am a retired bank employee. I’ve been diagnosed with high BP since I was 50. Usually my BP test comes up to 128. Recently I’ve been experiencing extreme pain in my chest. The doctor prescribed me few medicines. He said that I have a very high cholesterol level of 303. I’ve also been getting fever lately. I never smoked a cigarette or drank alcohol in my life. My sugar level is 144 mg/dL. My heart rate is normal, 159 bpm. I’m a little concerned as my kids are of marriage age. I’m now worried that I might have a major heart problem. Please let me know soon.



I am john age 40 years old . I’m married and have two children. I’m recently diagnosed with high BP. systolic pressure of less than 140 and a diastolic pressure of less than 80. The doctor prescribed me few medicines. He said that I have cholesterol level of 199. I have light chest pain and back pain, and don’t feel getting up at all. I’m also been getting fever lately.  I wanted to ask a question about my two children who have been diagnosed with sugar recently. I used to smoke cigarettes.  My sugar level is 140 mg/dL.

As I am 70 years old, I was fit and fine till the age of 68, from recent 3 months. i got a slight pain in my chest when I was working out in gym. I informed this to my family and they suggested me to  consume acidity tablet as a general case ,I  consumed (Rabeprazole tablets )2times per day before having food but chest pain was increasing day by day. 
I was smoking when i was young  and then to keep my body fit n fine I quit smoking. As per as my recent health checkup, my report said I got high bp  and I started to have bp tablets from last 3 month .I recently had a heart checkup, My blood pressure is 130 , pulse  67 ,  respiratory rate was 17 and temperature  was 97. My both feet were swollen since 2 months .

Hi my name is Arun s Rao, Im pursuing my BE in computer science at NMAMIT, Nitte.My father is civil engineer and my mother is principal. I have a younger sister who is studying in 6th std. My hobbies are photography, reading novels, collecting stamps. I belong to nuclear family.  I have been a CR for 3 years. I have done social works. My project team mates are Ashish, Akash, Nidhish. My group leader is Ashish. He is very good guy. He is my inspiration in life. My fav anime is Naruto.